Yeah
I'm Derek Walker, I'm the pastor of the Oxford Bible Church and today I want to introduce you to my book.
Called growing up spiritually.
God wants us all.
To grow up spiritually.
In Peter, it says that as newborn babes,
We should desire the pure milk
Of God's word that we may grow thereby.
Whether we are spiritual babies, we've just been born again, or or whether we're further along in our spiritual growth, this book,
Will give you the keys and the understanding you need to continue to grow spiritually.
which is God's desire for you. God wants everyone to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth and to grow strong.
As believers.
Do you want to grow up spiritually and become strong in spirit, in faith and in love, or do you just want to stay a spiritual babe?
God wants us to be spiritual giants, not wimps.
And he's provided all we need for our growth in God.
This book will reveal God's will and ways to gain a dynamic spiritual life and to promote
A consistent growth in grace.
So discover the keys that will activate and perpetuate your growth.
In this brook,
The first chapter looks at the different stages of growth.
From babyhood to full maturity.
And then we look at rebound techniques that are essential so that our growth isn't quickly stopped.
How to rebound from sin, how to rebound from setbacks, how to rebound from success, how to handle success.
Then we talk about walking in love, which is absolutely the key to spiritual maturity.
We talk about how the Bible describes the spiritual food that we need to take in.
And then we look at the foundation for all our growth that we need to build on, which is our baptism into Christ and all that that means.
We talk about the tongue because the Bible puts great emphasis on how we use our tongues.
And we go into the revelation of our words.
When we talk about how we are to move into ministry so that we're not just taking in but we're giving out.
And then we talk about the different means of grace, the channels of grace.
Prayer, fellowship,
Communion.
the Word of God.
And through these channels God imparts the grace of goodness.
His grace to us that we may grow. so I recommend this book to you.
For your spiritual nourishment and growth.